The code base is available in TradeShift/src directory
The binary library Geometry.jar is available in TradShift/lib directory

You can choose to build the Geometry.jar if you wish

Software Environment I used

Windows - 10, Java (JDK 1.7.2), Ant (To build the Geometry.jar by yourself)

Download the Source code from Github @ Tradeshift/src. This includes the Geometry.jar too.

The System variables required are 

			1. Path Variable to include the Java installation and Ant installation

Once the set up is done

1. You can use the run.cmd to run the code or
2. Use the command line 
		java -classpath C:\Users\drangan.ORADEV\workspace\TestProject\lib\Geometry.jar com.tradeshift.Test.GeometryTest -dimensions <Dimension Integer > 0 > -sides side1 side2, side3 ...
	For Example
		java -classpath C:\Users\drangan.ORADEV\workspace\TestProject\lib\Geometry.jar com.tradeshift.Test.GeometryTest -dimensions 2 -sides 4 4 4 

About this Project

Requirement
	
	1. Write a program that takes in the sides of a Triangle and responds whetehr the triangle is an Equilateral, Isosceles or Scalene Triangle
	
What the Project does

1. The Project first tries to abstract the requirement into an idea to include the entire concept of Geometry as opposed to restricting itself just to validating the Triangle types
2. The Project behaves more of a platform to evaluate as my many object types and leaves open the opportunity to extend its use to to complex dimensional object with complex validations
 
3. The project tries to read into the data provided and provides information on what kind of an object the data may represent in a 1, 2 or  3 Dimensional space
   The project perceives the requirement as a subset in a Geometrical universe. Essentially the project responds to input and does not restrict input to just 3 sides  

4. The project takes in 2 sets of parameters
		a. dimensions - Whether the user is interested in 1-D , 2-D or 3-D. For now we have restricted to 3 dimensions. It is easy to extend the usage to higher dimensions
		b. The list of sides - You can input as many sides as you want. We have restricted the input of sides of length < 0. We do allow Zero length sides
		


 